"There is a way for you to be blessed through me while I am living and only while my body exists, there is a way for me to bless you.
When I am departed, the hypocrites will first try to serve me."


  Please decode the meaning of these words and provide detailed explanation.

The recorded words (above) as being spoken is as followed.


"While I am alive, you will have a way to be blessed through me and the way that I can bless you is only possible while I have this body and be among you, as a result, my departure will not be a great blessing to you all.  When I am departed, the very first people to play me will be the hypocrites.  After I am gone, those people that play me will be the hypocrites.  It is critical that you understand this point."  


*"There is a way for you to be blessed through me when I am among you.
There is a way for me to bless you only if I have my body.
However, after I depart, the hypocrites will come forward, claiming to serve me."

*After taking on a human body and during the period of Buddha's work among people, the people near Buddha will have the opportunities to be blessed by Buddha.
Furthermore, it is only possible for Buddha to personally bless the people while Buddha has a body of human.
However, those that feared to be around Buddha during his lifetime,
Even more, those that rejected to be near Buddha during his lifetime will finally come forward to serve Buddha, only after his departure. 


*"I am not able to bless you when I do not have a body.
However, after I depart, the hypocrites will come forward to serve me."
 
*If Buddha departs, it is difficult to bless people there even if he wants to bless people.
As the distance between the worlds, where people remain and Buddha, will be is vastly distant, there are hardly any opportunities between Buddha and people to communicate even if they so desire.
Despite that, the hypocrites, who use Buddha’s words and acts as if they are their own, will be at the forefront of serving Buddha in the world, where he is no longer around.
By subtly deceiving people into believing that they will have Buddha’s blessings, they will temp people into the acts of serving Buddha.
The goal of the work of the hypocrites is not blessing the people.
Their objective is to be received as virtuous by many people.


"The ultimate logic is attained when the thoughts of the blind is added to the words of the enlightened."
Even to the words of Buddha, Jesus, Socrates and Lao Tzu, the hypocrites, in and throughout the history, have added, deleted and manipulated them with their own thoughts until today, such that they have achieved the world of empty shell of knowledge as truth.  
The words of Buddha, who came to this era, have already been manipulated as they are being told to the world.
The operator/writer of the website 'The Teachings of the Nature is Truth' has been formally recording the words and acts of Buddha and being around Buddha since May 3, 1992, he has prepared formal documents and materials and took on the responsibility of publicizing the materials through the website.
The operator/writer has founded and took charge of operational responsibilities and activities in all areas for The Truth Society, Business Co-op, Nature's Teaching Magazine and all activities related to digital publication of Lonely Fight-Lamentation-Drifter-Enlightenment.
Other than this person, let no one recreate Buddha's words and acts.
The reason is simple.
Even if one has personally witnessed Buddha's words and acts in close proximity, without sufficient understanding, he is unable to recognize the true character of Buddha's words and acts.
Furthermore, simply from hearing from others or listening to lecture materials, one will not be able to see the true character of Buddha's words and acts.

The only formal recorder of Buddha's words and acts is the operator/writer.
 
During his life time, many people had come and gone by Buddha.

Buddha had graciously offered varying teachings and trainings to those that did not depart from him.
However, people found Buddha's teachings and trainings extremely difficult to deal with.
Although Buddha had offered customized training and teaching to fit every individual, each person, in their own way, went through a very difficult and tough process.
In fact, Buddha's teachings and training processes were nothing less than harsh and perilous.
Many had repeatedly gone through the stages of discouragement, revitalization, resistance and giving up.



I have quietly endured Buddha's teachings and training for many years with desperate heart.
Although it was difficult to manage as the teachings and training weren't what I had personally desired or chosen, getting exempted from the gracious teachings and training of Buddha would have been regrettable.

Then on a spring day of 2001, Buddha spoke to me.
“You have been changed from the past.  You are no longer the you of the past.”
After about 4 years had passed since then, Buddha gave me the ‘teacher’ certification.
Up until the month prior to his passing, Buddha had never stopped teaching and training me.
 
Yet, I was personally more interested in being a guide, rather than a teacher.
On this peninsular, there are overflowing numbers of people that want and act as teachers of others.
It is reasonable to see anyone teaching in the fields that they are confident in.

But let no one else, but I, teach the words and acts of Buddha.
 
If anyone is teaching right now then that person is the hypocrite.
If one still insists on teaching, then that person is only on the long course of evil.
 
No one else should be allowed to newly create the words and acts of Buddha.
Any records produced by irresponsible party will become poison that feeds the evil people.
No one else should be teaching the words and acts of Buddha.
Everyone taught by unqualified person will become a child of hypocrite.


 
Dear readers, I urge you to not look, read the recordings made by those who are irresponsible.
Dear readers, I urge to you not receive the teachings of those who are unqualified.
 
 

Let me provide supporting words by citing the teachings of the holy drifter.
Nature's Teachings>Rel. 6> Holy Man's Teaching | The Truth Society>Activity>Rel. 11>Law, Quotes by holy man - Opens New Window.-

If you fall into the majority group that is considered to be the lower class, please use Nature's Teachings as a reference material designed for elementary school level.
Please do not visit frequently, but do use it often to feel the peace of the mind and body.
·
If you fall into the partial group considered to be the middle class, do not lose or forget to visit again by marking Nature’s Teachings as ‘*Favorite’.
If you visit often, you will find that bright and new future will open to you.
·
If you fall into the very minor group considered to be the upper class, please enlighten yourself as you have seen and heard in Nature's Teachings and observe the results in your daily lives.
After experiencing good transformations in your own daily lives, please introduce and tell Nature's Teachings to the ones that are closest, most cherished.
 
Please do not put in order or modify Nature's Teachings to fit your own situation for any reason.
Please use the audio, video, pages and other contents of Nature's Teachings only as they are published
 
Should there be any errors and negligence with respect to Buddha’s words and acts as published in ‘Nature’s Teachings is the Truth’ website, I and the operator will gladly receive any corresponding retributions.

"When telling the words of enlightened, fixing even a single letter causes the loss in the power of life by that much."
What does 'the power of life' refer to in Buddha's words and acts?
That's right. It is 'purity'. It refers to 'truthfulness'.
To enhance the understanding, it becomes 'pure energy' in English.
 
If I and the operator record Buddha's words and acts after reorganizing them, the power of life in the words and acts of Buddha, i.e. the purity and truthfulness will denigrate.
However, by maximizing and combining the efforts of the operator's skills and my qualifications, we can easily maintain the accuracy level of over 70% required to be a master craftsmanship, thus not producing any false materials.
Above 70% is comparable to the words of Jesus, Socrates or the Drifter when it comes to retaining the power of life, purity and truthfulness for a document.
Certainly, I or the operator, will not be a man of their statures, it only refers to the level of the produced document, containing Buddha's words and acts.
 
However, if someone without qualifications touches the words and acts of Buddha, that document will fall below 50% with respect to the power of life, purity and truthfulness.  
In some cases, it may deform it to something completely different or opposite.
The reason is simple.
There exists a law of nature that prevents a blind person to easily go beyond what is the glass ceiling and the absolute limit of 50% with respect to power of life, purity and truthfulness.

Furthermore, for someone not having gone through stern education and tough training by Buddha, but acts as if he had personal experience or is very knowledgeable of Buddha’s words and acts is a:
Ceremonial act:  To make records and teach.
Then that person is no other than ignorant one who plays with Buddha.
 
As a blind person, it is more appropriate to diligently learn the contents introduced in Nature’s Teachings to seek understanding and develop oneself to change one’s own life, rather than trying to put Buddha’s words and acts in certain order.
It is no more than an usual occurrence for someone without going through self-change or experiencing changes in life to mistakenly think that he has good understanding of Buddha’s words and acts.
"One must change oneself if wanting success."
I strongly advise you to not pass simple judgment or overlook the meaning of these words.
 
Dear readers, please do not be pressured and know that there will not be any issues if you are to read Nature's Teachings and adhere to its content and tell others as they are written.
Even for a person without any pious act in the previous life, telling the words and acts of Buddha will be rewarded beyond imagination for the work, in this life and in the future life.

"Do this when you tell others my words and acts that you've heard and seen.
First, tell 'I saw it like this. And I heard it like this.' 
Then tell what you saw and heard by me as you have heard and seen.
By doing this,
It will become the best pious act through which you will be blessed.
For any reason, do not add or remove any of my words and acts as you see fit,
Lest I worry that you will bring trouble to yourself."

Drifter>Chapter 6 Single Seed>Promised Land | Lee Sam Han Buddha’s Truth , 100 Gates and 100 Events>-4 –Opens New Window.-
Although the holy drifter has worked extremely hard to meet upper class people, he had failed to encounter any one of the very few upper class people to the end. 
What is most unfortunate and lamenting was that so many of the upper class people, although they are so few among the humanity, are living on this peninsular.
Perhaps, geologically speaking, the conditions of the Korean Peninsula must be an optimal region for spirits and gods to reside.
Although a great misfortune has hit the Korean Peninsula, one comforting fact is that the nature has specially chosen it so that Buddha had personally come to the Peninsula, where the purity is most dreadful in the world. 
 
I earnestly offer a few words to the gods and spirits that reside in the Korean Peninsula.
The 'Nature's Teachings' is the best blessing that Buddha gives for your futures.
I offer good wishes to you, so that Buddha's words and acts are accepted as you hear and see.
The Buddha's words and acts will smoothly lead the process of your eternal cycle of birth, death and rebirth.
 
Even for a lower class person
Even for a middle class person
Even for an upper class person
In fact, the situation in which Buddha's words and acts are encountered isn't all that different.

In reality, the differences in the levels between lower, middle and upper are not very big as the difference is like a thin sheet of paper or taking between 49th and 50th places.
Furthermore, if one certainly assesses himself to be in the upper class level then one must also recognize as to whether or not he is, in reality, in the lower class level.
It is better to underrate oneself as being in the lower class level, even if one belongs in the middle or upper class level, than be unable to recognize oneself as being in the lower class level and overrates himself and behave as if he belongs in the upper class level.
Underrating oneself allows him an opportunity to change, but overrating oneself is self-defeating and forgoes the opportunity to change.
The world itself allows transformation activities to exist forever.
One can also exist forever through the transformation activities of oneself.
 
By reading and listening, rereading and listening again to the words and acts of Buddha that came in person, one can observe and verify his own transformations while one strives to service oneself, and live a diligent life. 
If no change takes place even after some time, it is because one has failed to correctly understand the words and acts of Buddha.
As one’s small conscience flusters through the ruthless time, please keep watch over him so that he can grow little by little with patience.
If you demonstrate fierce and utmost efforts, 
Your ardent hope will come to pass with time.
 
I have one vital message to tell you.
Do not serve or worship Buddha. Do not believe in or glorify Buddha. Do not pray to or seek relief from Buddha.

It is an Illusionary hope that will be useless in the end. It only becomes a work in vain as there is no use. Although a desperate hope of a blind appears to have come true for certain in his dream, it only becomes wasteful efforts within his imagination as it can never come true in the real world.
It is only a work done in vain without any value in your life, after having overcome the difficulty of being born.
 
 
You must all be well informed of these things and keep the ways as said.
Only by doing so, they will become helpful and you may have bright futures.
 
The 'Nature's Teachings' is the ultimate gift from Buddha to those that live in this time.
However, having the greed to 'tell' after seeing and hearing the 'Nature's Teachings' is barred.
Any form of greed in any activity will easily cause you to forego the most basic work.
Pious act is conscience:  It is to commit good hearts to good works.
 
Do not add even a single word of your own thoughts to 'Nature's Teachings'.
Please tell and recommend 'Nature's Teachings' as they are.
 
And please add the following words when you tell 'Nature's Teachings'.
Please proudly add the words, 'when and where I saw these things.  I heard these words.' 
 
 
 
 
In the subsequent pages, all about the topics of the world of conscience will be detailed:  What is the truth of conscience?  What is the minimum conscience to be human?  What part of the body holds conscience?  What does conscience look like?  What material is the conscience made of?  How does conscience affect a human life?  What factors make conscience better or worse?  Can a bad conscience be good again?  If to be good again, how should the structure of conscience really change?  How does the conscience change at the time of birth and at the time of death?  How do the consciences of a holy man and blind differ?  

-This page contains selected topics by Nature’s Teachings Publication and the Guide’s writings have been edited by Nature’s Teachings Publication.

